1.How much can the VW Tiguan tow?
Powered by a turbocharged 2.0L 4-cylinder engine, the compact Volkswagen Tiguan is able to tow an impressive 2,200 lbs. This is much greater than the vast majority of smaller crossovers within its class

2.Is the VW Tiguan AWD?
interior cargo space of vw tiguanAvailable in four trim levels, S, R-Line, SE, and SEL, each is built standard as a front wheel drive vehicle. All-wheel drive is optional though.

3.Does the VW Tiguan have Bluetooth?
Yes! Standard equipment on even the most basic VW Tiguan includes Bluetooth phone and audio connectivity. Additional noteworthy technology includes:
•Eight-speaker sound system
•CD player, aux. Jack, USB port, and media player interface
•5-inch touchscreen 
•Rearview camera

4.Does the VW Tiguan have Apple CarPlay or Android Auto?
Both! One of the greatest, and most recent technology advances in the 2016 Volkswagen lineup is the introduction of VW’s new infotainment center, MIB II. It now enables drivers to choose from Apple CarPlay or Android Auto.

5.What is the current status of Volkswagen Tiguan?
Volkswagen’s second SUV ‘Tiguan’ has been launched in India and it is a very important car for the carmaker.

6.In which category Volkswagen Tiguan falls?
Volkswagen Tiguan falls under the SUV category.

7.How many types of fuel units are available in Volkswagen Tiguan?
Volkswagen Tiguan is available only with one fuel unit as per now i.e. Diesel.

8.The available color options for Volkswagen Tiguan are?
Volkswagen Tiguan is available in five attractive colors- Deep Black, Indium Grey, ORYX white, Tungsten Silver and Atlantic blue.

9.Is there an automatic transmission in Volkswagen Tiguan?
Yes, there is an automatic transmission available in Volkswagen Tiguan; it is equipped with 7-speed DSG automatic transmission.

10.What are the specifications of engine equipped in Volkswagen Tiguan?
Volkswagen Tiguan  
Engine Type: 4-cyl, 16V, 2.0L TDI turbocharged diesel engine 
Engine Size: 1968cc 
Max Power: 141bhp@4000rpm 
Max Torque: 340nm@1750-2750rpm 
Transmission: 7 speed DSG Automatic (AT) 
Wheel-Drive AWD 

11.The Exact price tag of Volkswagen Tiguan?
Volkswagen Tiguan Pricing (ex-showroom Delhi): 
Diesel Variants: Price (INR) 
Volkswagen Tiguan 2.0L TDI Comfortline AT Rs. 27,98,000 
Volkswagen Tiguan 2.0L TDI Highline AT Rs. 31,38,000 

12.Please inform about the on-road price of Volkswagen Tiguan.
Volkswagen Tiguan pricing (On-Road Delhi): 
Diesel Variants: Price (INR) 
Volkswagen Tiguan 2.0L TDI Comfortline AT Rs. 32,91,500 
Volkswagen Tiguan 2.0L TDI Highline AT Rs. 36,90,200 

13.Can I get the width of tyres fixed in Volkswagen Tiguan?
Comfortline 
Front – 215/65 R17 (Tubeless) 
Rear- 215/65 R17 (Tubeless) 
Highline 
Front – 235/55 R18 (Tubeless) 
Rear- 235/55 R18 (Tubeless) 

14.What type of suspension system fixed in Volkswagen Tiguan?
Front: McPherson strut with lower transverse link, stabiliser bar
Rear:  Multi link

15.Is cruise control available in it?
Yes, cruise control is available in Volkswagen Tiguan.

16.Which safety features Volkswagen Tiguan has?
Volkswagen Tiguan is equipped with six airbags, ABS with EBD, electronic stability control, front-rear park distance control, automatic post collision braking system, tyre pressure monitoring system, lane assist departure warning system, pedestrian monitoring, city emergency braking, reverse parking camera, ASR, EDL and self sealing tyres.

17.Seating capacity of Volkswagen Tiguan is?
Volkswagen Tiguan has seating capacity for 5 persons.

18.What is the boot capacity of Volkswagen Tiguan?
Volkswagen Tiguan has boot capacity of 615 liters while it can be further extended up to 1655 liters by folding down the rear seats.

19.What common & unique interior features Volkswagen Tiguan get?
The cabin of Tiguan features well laid out interiors, premium leather upholstery and rich features. It sports a three spoke flat bottom steering with plethora of control buttons for audio, music and telephony. The dashboard comes with dark grid inserts and an 8 inch touchscreen system with Apple car play, Android auto and mirror link support. Other features include illuminated scuff plates, panoramic sunroof, ambient lighting, electric tail gate with one touch close, Heated front seats, 12V outlet in front, rear and luggage compartment, keyless entry with push start button, three-zone automatic air-conditioning with rear controls, cruise control, electrically adjustable front seats with driver memory function, paddle shifters and automatic headlamps.
 
20.Please tell the mileage figure of Volkswagen Tiguan – ARAI-certified, highway and city-road? 
Engine type ARAI/Highway km/l City km/l (approx) 
Volkswagen Tiguan Diesel Automatic 17.06 13.0 

21.In Indian car market, which are the main competitors of this model?
Volkswagen Tiguan will compete with Hyundai Tucson and upcoming Jeep compass.

